

--- Page 1 ---
GNSS Application Solution
PRODUCT BROCHURE
Guangzhou Toksurvey Information Technology Co.,Ltd
www.toknavgnss.com | info@toknavgns.com
Europe, North and South America
Asia, Africa and Oceania
Tel and WhatsApp
+86 139 2607 5986 (Jeffrey)
No. 9 Caipin Road, Building B, Room 801-6, Huangpu District,
Guangzhou, China 510000
GNSS Receiver Manufacturer
Professional OEM&ODM
Over 15 years experience in R&D and manufacturing

--- Page 2 ---
ABOUT US
Our Targets
Company Introduction
Guangzhou Toksurvey Information Technology Co.,
Ltd. was founded in 2019 by a team of R&D
engineers. The company team has nearly 15 years of
R&D background. At present, the company has
Make positioning Working together to To become a leader in Your reliable
nearly 2,500 square meters of office and factory,
more precise and improve global the global surveying supplier in
complete set of research equipment, and strong easier. surveying quality. and mapping service. positioning!
technical background.
Mission Vision Value Slogan
Our company is committed to the R&D,
production and sales of high-precision satellite Fields of Application
positioning terminal products. More than 60% of
the employees are engineers. Driven by
TOKNAV products can be widely used in precision
technological innovation, the company maintains
surveying & mapping, mining operations, deformation
a steady growth rate of 60% every year.
monitoring, autonomous driving and other fields. We
Construction Monitoring
currently have a number of mature GNSS application
At present, the company has successfully solutions, such as deformation monitoring, CORS network,
launched high-precision GNSS RTK (T5 series, marking robots, precision agriculture, mechanical control
T10 series, T20 series, T30 series, T40 series and and digital construction field. TOKNAV products have Mapping & GIS Surveying
T50 series), portable RTK receiver (P8 series), passed CE, FCC, KC, NGS, IGS and other certifications, and
high-precision CORS station (NET660 series), are exported to more than 100 countries and regions
data controller, GNSS antenna, precision around the world. Our products are well received in the
Agriculture Marine
agriculture, mechanical control, marking robot, global market, and now we have become a system
USV and SLAM to the market. We not only integration supplier in the global market.
provide trainings about our products, but also
Certifications
provide a series of relevant solutions.

--- Page 3 ---
WWW.TOKNAVGNSS.COM
CONTENT
Products
Deformation Monitoring 1
CORS and VRS Service 3
Marking Robot 5

--- Page 4 ---
Deformation Monitoring
Product Mix
The GNSS based monitoring system is widely applied in the fields of
landslide geological hazard monitoring, dam deformation
monitoring, mining area surface subsidence monitoring, tailings U6 Universal GNSS Receiver
Lightning
reservoir deformation monitoring, bridge deformation monitoring
conductor
and high-rise building deformation monitoring and other fields with
potential safety hazards, which can effectively prevent and avoid
disasters and ensure safety of important facilities and people's Solar panel
property. controller
Characteristic
Pole setting
Flexible control
There is no need for line-of-sight between the stations, and
the positioning options are flexible. Battery
protection shell
High real-time Lightning rod
For the collected data, output data results in real time. grounding Surface
Simple operation platform
Easy to operate, data is intuitive and easy to understand.
Automatic monitoring
Automatic acquisition, processing, analysis and early warning of horizontal
displacement and vertical displacement.
12V battery
Product Schematic Diagram
Platform Display
Dam deformation Bridges deformation
monitoring monitoring
Data Collecting
Real-time
differential data
Building deformation Wind energy generators
monitoring deformation monitoring
Data Service Center
If the warning
thres hold i s
exceeded, the relevant
staff will be warned to make
Side slope deformation Tower deformation
emergency treatment.
monitoring monitoring
1 2
1M
Embedded part
(ground cage)
Login interface Position display
Monitoring Device management
WWW.TOKNAV.CN

--- Page 5 ---
CORS and VRS Service
Advantage of Our Technology
Full-stack self-developed software and hardware technology
VRS Service
The algorithms, software, and hardware used in our VRS service are independently developed.
Definition
Meeting various high-precision application needs
VRS is a kind of Network Real Time Kinematic
(NRTK) technology.
Includes surveying users, agricultural drones for crop protection, building monitoring, geological
VRS generate and provide a virtual reference station
disaster monitoring, car lane-level navigation, electric bicycles, and other types of users.
data near user’s position based on the regional real
reference station for user to calculate RTK.
Ability to serve a massive number of users
VRS requires 3G/4G/5G to support communication.
Data management, data processing, and user
services are independent of each other through
a data bus.
Not only possesses powerful service capabilities
of individual servers, but also supports a massive
number of concurrent users through server
expansion.
Capability of satellite-based and ground-based fusion processing
Capable of satellite-based and ground-based fusion
processing, enabling network RTK and PPP-RTK
Features & Benefits fusion processing.
Instant access to RTK corrections.
Ensures high-performance positioning in low-latitude
Centimeter-accurate corrections tailored to your geographic location.
area through processing multi-GNSS data and refining
Built-in redundancy to ensure connectivity, consistency and quality.
ionospheric models.
Cost-effective and simple to use.
Professionally-managed and secure.
Streamlined workflows, done right the first time.
Working Principle Application Areas
Platform Display
Definition
We provide instant access to RTK
corrections using a CORS GNSS network,
proprietary software platform and VRS
service monitoring platform.
Infrastructure Economy
Monitoring Platform
VRS
Software Platform
SERVICES
Base station network Device management
CORS GNSS Network
Transportation Agriculture
3 4
WWW.TOKNAV.CN

--- Page 6 ---
Marking Robot
Application
The TR10Pro Line Marking Robot is an auxiliary work
robot capable of automatically measuring, marking,
and drawing lines. It is equipped with an
adjustable-width nozzle, making it suitable for various
application scenarios such as sports fields, highways,
municipal roads, airport runways, and more. The
software comes with a variety of built-in templates, Sport fields Measurement guidance Highway
including sports field designs, icons, arrows, and
numbers, while also supporting user-defined editing
or template importing. This significantly improves the
efficiency of road marking, pre-marking, and spray
printing, while reducing labor pressure and costs.
Characteristic
Parking lot Special marking Municipal road
High-precision Positioning
System Architechure
The TR10Pro supports full constellation and full band frequency signal tracking with
1408 channels. Its antenna can simultaneously receive signals from BDS, GPS, ALGORITHM
Import design file
GLONASS, GALILEO, SBAS, and QZSS s atellites, enabling full constellation
Task scheduling
positioning. The robot also supports Real-Time Kinematic(RTK) differential
Decrypt, Route planning
positioning and can access the Beidou ground-based augmentation system for Calculation Measuring and
high-precision positioning. By combining high-precision positioning with robotic Locating
Output
operations, it achieves reliable and repeatable centimeter-level line marking accuracy.
Automatic Task recording and
Preset standard model
Long Battery Life and High Speed marking, drawing report
The TR10Pro is equipped with a built-in 48V/7.5Ah lithium battery, offering a top
speed of 2.6km/h, a range of 30km, and a battery life up to 8 hours.
Project management, progress,
statistics, review, etc.
Multi-functional
System
The TR10Pro can accommodate different sizes of spraying devices and can achieve
different types of markings, such as dots, lines, curves, numbers, letters, and patterns.
Physical Mobility
It has built-in models of various sports fields, such as soccer and tennis courts. It
Dimensions L*W*H: 525*746*527mm Motor specification: 400W*2
supports custom editing of sports field models and is easy to use.
(Removable side scribing mechanism with a width of 243mm）
Maximum speed(m/s): 1m/s
Wheelbase: 400mm
Minimum turning radius: 0°(Turn in place)
High Adaptability
Wheel Track(mm): 465mm
Maximum climbing ability: 20°
Weight: 39.3kg
The TR10Pro is compact and equipped with two 400W hub motors, enabling it to
perform operations smoothly on rough surfaces like grass and gravel roads, with the Battery Performance
ability to make sharp turns and climb slopes up to 20 degrees.
Battery type: Lithium48V/7.5Ah Speed: 2.6km/s
Battery Life: 8 hours Materials: Latex paint/Titanium white slurry
Easy to Operate
Endurance: 30km Hopper capacity: 10L
Combining a controller with an Android tablet and our custom-developed app allows
Accuracy: ≤1.5cm
field operators to easily learn and operate the device with minimal training.
Environment Line types: Dots, lines, curves, numbers, letters, patterns.
Sports Field Type: Running track, tennis court, soccer field,
Supports Multiple File Formats Communication: CAN
( F i e l d M a r k i n g ) football field, lacrosse court, baseball field
Operating temperature: -10℃~60℃
The app supports various file formats, including dxf, csv etc., enabling the robot to Drawing Width: 5cm~15cm adjustable side nozzle
Storage temperature: -10℃~45℃
(Field Marking)
follow designed construction plans for seamless implementation.
IP rating: IP3X
5 6
WWW.TOKNAV.CN